add ui/ux in readme-md (#8)
schickling/awesome-local-first: README.md

# Awesome Local-first [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A collection of awesome local-first projects centering local storage and related things with offline operability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A collection of awesome local-first projects including offline-first and collaboration functionality
```
